update typewriter docs (#4664)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/protocols/apis-and-extensions/typewriter.md

To get started with Typewriter in your browser:
1. Make sure you have `node` installed using the instructions in the [prerequisites](#prerequisites) above.
2. Install `analytics.js` in your app. There are two methods.
  - **Snippet method (most common)**: Paste the snippet in the[`Step 1: Copy the Snippet`](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/#step-2-copy-the-segment-snippet) from the [`analytics.js` Quickstart Guide](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/quickstart/).

>   - **NPM method**: Load analytics.js via the npm library: @segment/analytics-next: https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-next

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **NPM method**: Load analytics.js with the npm library. Learn more about using the npm method [here](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-next/tree/master/packages/browser#readme). 
```
